Update python.md (#13409)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/setup_overview/open_standards/python.md

## OpenTelemetry

<div class="alert alert-warning">

> This exporter has been deprecated. To export your OTLP traces from OpenTelemetry SDK directly to Datadog Agent, please refer to <a href="https://docs.datadoghq.com/tracing/setup_overview/open_standards/#otlp-ingest-in-datadog-agent">OTLP Ingest in the Agent</a>. <a href="https://docs.datadoghq.com/help/">Reach out to support</a> for questions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This exporter has been deprecated. To export your OTLP traces from OpenTelemetry SDK directly to Datadog Agent, see <a href="https://docs.datadoghq.com/tracing/setup_overview/open_standards/#otlp-ingest-in-datadog-agent">OTLP Ingest in the Agent</a>. <a href="https://docs.datadoghq.com/help/">Reach out to support</a> for questions.
```
